feat(http): Replace usage of "payload" with "content" (#35063)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/methods/patch/index.md

A successful response is indicated by any [2xx](https://httpwg.org/specs/rfc9110.html#status.2xx) status code.

> In the example below a {{HTTPStatus("204")}} response code is used, because the response does not contain a body. A {{HTTPStatus("200")}} response that contains a body with information about the action could be used instead, for instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below a {{HTTPStatus("204")}} response code is used, because the response does not contain a body (alternatively, a {{HTTPStatus("200")}} response that contains a body with information about the action could be used instead).
```
